First Motel scenes

Robin  - Sandbox - Find her panties in her bathroom at her house or the laundry room at your house.
       - VN - She must be your girlfriend and you see the jackoff scene.

Lana - Sandbox - Lana must be freaky and you must go to her couch and wait time once you are allowed access into her house
     - VN - if Lana is on freaky path, you must get a blowjob from her.
     - VN - if Lana was a virgin, take her virginity and bring Ms. Fine and Robin to the mansion
     
Heather - Sandbox - Must see Heather in the shower playing with herself       
          VN - Must eat Heather's pussy in the shower. 
               Must have fucked her in the shower while Momma was asking about shampoo. Then drink coffee and go in the shower with her twice.             
        
Holly - S and V Must see all of her scenes when waking her up

Julia  - S V - Search for Heather's dildo in three places. Her dresser, her vent, and her nightstand.

katheriine - S - Find her butt plug in her room (Randomly appears on nightstand
             VN - Hug her twice and always choose the nice answers

Ms. Fine - Sandbox - Find all of Ms. Fine's photo's
         - VN - Choose not to have any other girls except Robin in the game.
     
    
Ms. Fine's unlock is not easy.
You cannot have any known sexual contact with any other female except Robin.
Only the choices below matter. Any choice not listed below is your decision.

To do so:

Answer at least 3 quiz questions right then select: Will I ever get to see what you are talking about?
You must meet Charmaine early on and choose not to take off your clothes: Catch Him! > Confront the crook > No > Go to the back with her > No
It's okay to watch other's having sex.
Don't do Yoga with Lana
Don't break up with Robin, choose: I wanted to be honest about my situation.
Don't jackoff at the motel choose: No!
Don't tell Tikkoya she's beautiful choose: No, nothing else. (No Tikkoya)
In this version (7D) choose to work at the Diner when you can.
Choose not to hear Holly's reason for being mad at you, choose: No! (No Holly)
Tell Carla you need the apartment, choose: I really need the apartment. or What if I give you more than you are asking for? (if available)
When being confronted by the officer, choose: I'll only talk to my lawyer. (Dominate, eventually)
Do not have sex with Charmaine or get a BJ, choose: Don't have sex > No
If Kenya ask you to go to her shop choose: No.
Don't not ask Cathy about her plan to boost sales, choose: Leave.
Do not participate in the JTrain, choose: No One
Do not make Elaine do anything after she tells you her story, choose: Don't ask her to do anything.
Do not let Charmaine stay over your house, choose: Thank you
Do not hug Sharice(Jason's Mom), choose, Don't hug her.
When you meet Sarah(Victoria's daughter), choose: A little bit of everything. (No Sarah)
Make sure you let Robin stay over and have sex with her in the shower.
Don't help Ms. Fine, choose: Call the spa personnel to assist.
Let Ms. Fine keep the Jewelry, choose: Yes
When you are confronted by the Telefarrows, choose: Tell Robin I love her. If Ms. Fine says "I know you love her too: you are almost there. If not, you made a bad choose somewhere, start over.
You must protect Ms. Fine, choose: Protect Ms. Fine
Don't go to the breakroom with Becky (If asked), choose: No, I'll just come back.
Take Robin shopping, choose: Take Robin shopping!
Say yes to buying all Robin's clothes, choose: Yes > Yes > Yes
Buy Ms. Fine clothes as well, choose: Buy Ms. Fine some sleep wear. 
Always help Ms. Fine to Bed, choose Help Ms. Fine to bed.
Kiss Ms. Fine goodnight, choose: Yes.
Romance Robin, choose: Romance Robin

second Motel Scenes

Heather - VN and Sandbox - Call Heather's feet sexy or okay and try to get off on her feet, 
          have sexy with her in the shower while Momma searches for shampoo, finally tell her you love her feet while she is at your apartment

Ms. Fine - Only on addition playthroughs - Must see both of Robins routes and have sex with Robin and Lana. 
       When you break up with Robin, you must get back with her in the backyard and take her virginity. 
       You obtain the motel unlock when you go over Lana's house to tell her about why Robin and Ms. Fine are living there.
