Prologue

Click the pile of clothes in the center of the floor
Speak with your mom and sister
Menu: Step Mother, A terminal Illness, He took two foster care workers to the woods and beat them until they told, Bi-Sexual, and Because the kids at school didn't understand me having two moms.
Menu: That's why you have on the swimming suit right? - Only appears if you answered the quiz correctly.
Call Momma
Menu - Of course or Not! - doesn't matter
Menu - Yes! or No. - doesn't matter
Go to the mansion
Go to the store
Buy 10 totes and a plastic bag
Menu - Try to convince him
Menu - Catch Him!
Go to the Diner
Select the guy sitting down
Menu - No
Menu - I have nothing to say to you
Menu - Go to the back with her
Menu - 1228
Go to the store and click on the door
Click on the side door of the store
Go to the mansion
**Menu - I need to be held, to see Lana daydream or anything else to see MC grab Robin's ass
Menu - Of course 
Menu - We both know I’m not going to Jason’s house. - to make it easier to sneak over
Go to the mansion
Move the furniture, 9 pieces, or click the question mark at the top right if on easy
Go all the way to the left and click the alley
Menu - Watch them
Menu - (Doesn't matter, you will lose)
Go back to the alley and get the flashlight
Go to the rear of the truck, click on the door, and get the money and the photo of your sister.
Leave by clicking on Jason's door (Trucks driver side door) Menu - Let's go
Go to Lana's house and click on her front door.
Go over Jason's house
Go to Jason's bedroom
Go to sleep on the couch

Chapter 1 - Innocence

Leave Jason's house
Click on the front door of the Ranger and select DAY <- if it is not already day.
Immediately click on the back door to sleep until morning. If you are stopped by the officer, go over Jason's house and click on the middle door,
    then to the motel and spend the night there.
In the morning, go over Jason's house and click on mom."
Go over Robin's house
Click on the front door
Menu - Doesn't matter
Go over Momma/sisters house. 
#alternate# If you cannot be snuck in, go to the motel, spend the night, and jackoff.
#alternate# Go to the car that morning and see the mom phone call scene, 
#alternate# Menu -Thanks waste time until night in the ranger and try to go to momma/sister house again. 
If you made it in your sister's, go to each room and see a short story about it then go to Heather's room and click on the bed.
**Click on the curtain
Click on the door to leave
Go to the mansion
Go to the front of the mansion by clicking the travelbox or the guards.
Go to Lana's house and click on her front door.
Using the travelboxes, go around to the back of Lana's house
Click on the fence
Click the window
Click the steps to move forward.
Either call Lana and keep calling her back until she says she can see both guards or click the question mark if on easy
Click the garage. If you are caught by the guards choose try again
Visit your car to hear mom's phone call.
Menu - Thanks!
While at your car's screen, grab your sister's photo in the mailbox.
Go to the auto shop, get shown around then leave. It should still be EVENING.
Go over Lana's house during EVENING and click on the front door.
Menu - I will, thank you.
Go to the Auto Shop and answer three questions.
Go over Jason house and click on the middle door.
Go to your car and sleep in it until the Police stop you. She will make you leave the area. It should still be night.
Go over your sister's house.
#alternate# If you cannot be snuck in, go to the motel, spend the night, and jackoff.
Menu - GET A BETTER VIEW
Menu - TEXT MY MOM
Menu - Holly, I have nowhere else to go.
Menu - Absolutely (Unlock Robin'S feet scene) or No!
Menu - I wanted to see everyone. or I had nowhere else to go. or It doesn't matter, it won't happen again.
Go to the Auto shop and go to Carla's desk using the travelboxes.
Menu - I might
Menu - I wanted to talk to you about your apartment.
Grab the photo of your sister above the poster on the far right.
If it is Monday thru Thursday, click on the woman working on the car.
Answer two car questions. It should be EVENING.
Go to Tikkoya's office by clicking the travelbox to the right.
Click on Tikkoya.
Menu - You're BEAUTIFUL.
Go to your apartment and sleep until Monday, Wednesday, or Friday MORNING.
Relax until Day.
Go to the store and buy five wines
Go over Robin's house and click on Ms. Fine.
#alternate# If you don't have enough wine go to the store and buy some then come back and click on the front door.
Go over your sister's house at NIGHT
#alternate# If you cannot be snuck in, go to the motel, spend the night, and jackoff.
Go to Holly's room and click on her while she is sleeping.
Menu - Yes, deal.
Leave your sister's house by clicking on the front door. 
During MORNING, get your sister's picture's from the storage area, robin's house, Lana's house, the mansion, Jason's house, and the Store area.
Skip time until Tuesday or Thursday during DAY and go over Robin's house.
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and go to the backyard using the travelboxes.
During NIGHT, go to the motel and get two sister's photo's.
Go over your sister's house.
#alternate# If you cannot be snuck in, go to the motel, spend the night, and jackoff. Then skip time until night and go over your sister's.
Go to the pool area and get the last sister photo.
#if this is not the last photo, find the other's then go back over your sister's house during NIGHT.
Go to sleep in your sister's bed.
Click on the curtain
Menu - your choice on sex, sister's scenes are different if your don't
Go over Robin's over during the Day on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday and click on the front door.
If it is Friday or Saturday Night go over your sister's, then to the pool area, and mess with Holly until she wakes up.
When you leave you should see a scene with Mom and Momma. If you haven't already seen it, repeat the previous step.
Go to your ap[artment during DAY and call your mom. 
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door.
Menu - I will, thank you.
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door.
ONLY If you cannot select > Menu - I will, thank you, select Menu - No, that's okay.
Spend the night at the motel. Ring the bell if yuou havent already and jackoff on the bed in the morning.
Go over Robin's over during the Day on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday and click on the front door.
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door.
Menu - I will, thank you.
Go over Robin's over during the Day on Tuesday or Thursday and click on the front door.
Menu - Yes
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door.
Menu - I will, thank you.
Go over Robin's over during the Day on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday and click on the front door.
Menu - Doesn't matter in this version
Spend the night at the motel and jackoff on the bed in the morning.
Go over Robin's over during the Day on Tuesday or Thursday.
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door.
ONLY If you cannot select > Menu - I will, thank you, select Menu - No, that's okay.
Go to the bank and deposit 25000. If you have more, deposit everything except 2500.
Click on Park Place.
Go to Park Place.
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door.
ONLY If you cannot select > Menu - I will, thank you, select Menu - No, that's okay.
Get enough money to buy the tuxedo and go back to Park Place.
Menu - HELL NO!
Go over Lana's house during the EVENING and click on the front door. If nothing happens then you have seen the deepthroat scene.
Go over your sister's during NIGHT
If it is Friday or Saturday Night go over your sister's, then to the pool area, and mess with Holly until she wakes up.
Go to sleep in your sister's bed.
Exit your sister's house and go to the Mansion during morning.
#If the Mafia members aren't there, skip to the next day and go back to the mansion during DAY. You may have to do this several times.
When they are there, click on them until the MC discusses the tuxedos.



